open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-6f9b8674d-dg7qq                                   3m           107Mi
open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-registration-agent-865cf95746-tbs2z               8m           79Mi
open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-work-agent-79fb689cfb-dfv57                       9m           51Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-proxy-agent-5c8d94d79d-jvpqq                   0m           39Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-proxy-agent-5c8d94d79d-qbkz7                   0m           34Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-service-proxy-64d759c45-xrzxh                  0m           23Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                config-policy-controller-55d969f68f-5mwwx                    14m          54Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                governance-policy-framework-676d95cc8b-9fq8s                 1m           37Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                klusterlet-addon-workmgr-9d67d66f7-f82qp                     0m           38Mi
openshift-apiserver                                apiserver-65fdf6b67-dbtj6                                    42m          250Mi
openshift-apiserver-operator                       openshift-apiserver-operator-6c9fc6469c-lxz5j                5m           142Mi
openshift-authentication                           oauth-openshift-c98d788c6-d2cps                              5m           42Mi
openshift-authentication-operator                  authentication-operator-dbd5bd768-z5gnq                      34m          133Mi
openshift-cloud-controller-manager-operator        cluster-cloud-controller-manager-operator-6ff4b4777c-lw9vn   0m           64Mi
openshift-cloud-credential-operator                cloud-credential-operator-584455c8f5-ggprh                   1m           114Mi
openshift-cluster-machine-approver                 machine-approver-7b5bd86fbb-s8hzk                            1m           75Mi
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator             cluster-node-tuning-operator-659594b5cf-6nxrx                2m           48Mi
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator             tuned-cdfpj                                                  3m           44Mi
openshift-cluster-samples-operator                 cluster-samples-operator-b588d95bd-nkgqp                     0m           63Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 cluster-storage-operator-6f6b9c8df6-jnrzj                    5m           122Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-controller-cc95b8685-2tmhw                      0m           18Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-controller-operator-86d8fc9648-7f8lr            7m           101Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-webhook-79d48f846b-sjnqb                        0m           18Mi
openshift-cluster-version                          cluster-version-operator-866d97cc66-nplgv                    32m          113Mi
openshift-config-operator                          openshift-config-operator-674f98f947-9fnt2                   10m          58Mi
openshift-console                                  console-6576bfcb95-lmfhk                                     1m           39Mi
openshift-console                                  downloads-5587558f5f-27zbp                                   0m           43Mi
openshift-console-operator                         console-operator-7b68655f7c-9kfrc                            11m          86Mi
openshift-controller-manager                       controller-manager-l4pkx                                     5m           112Mi
openshift-controller-manager-operator              openshift-controller-manager-operator-7c4dc65c97-fmqcr       3m           83Mi
openshift-dns                                      dns-default-mfgwz                                            1m           64Mi
openshift-dns                                      node-resolver-5zbdh                                          0m           6Mi
openshift-dns-operator                             dns-operator-6998f45999-d2lwd                                0m           57Mi
openshift-etcd                                     etcd-sno03400                                                156m         1003Mi
openshift-etcd-operator                            etcd-operator-78974f57b9-5zzh7                               7m           94Mi
openshift-image-registry                           cluster-image-registry-operator-759dbc577c-cxrcx             1m           61Mi
openshift-image-registry                           node-ca-jppwh                                                0m           1Mi
openshift-ingress                                  router-default-bb9c66d84-mzgzq                               2m           74Mi
openshift-ingress-canary                           ingress-canary-hq489                                         0m           23Mi
openshift-ingress-operator                         ingress-operator-7f998586cd-tzcvj                            2m           90Mi
openshift-insights                                 insights-operator-7d78496b84-7cpcl                           4m           44Mi
openshift-kube-apiserver                           kube-apiserver-sno03400                                      437m         2292Mi
openshift-kube-apiserver-operator                  kube-apiserver-operator-789b8c8bf6-kcpx2                     32m          161Mi
openshift-kube-controller-manager                  kube-controller-manager-sno03400                             17m          442Mi
openshift-kube-controller-manager-operator         kube-controller-manager-operator-66bc7cfd-krfnk              9m           77Mi
openshift-kube-scheduler                           openshift-kube-scheduler-sno03400                            2m           143Mi
openshift-kube-scheduler-operator                  openshift-kube-scheduler-operator-7c65bc5d9b-77s6q           12m          76Mi
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator            migrator-849695b8c8-mvtph                                    0m           24Mi
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator-operator   kube-storage-version-migrator-operator-7d967f696d-cnjgn      2m           47Mi
openshift-machine-api                              cluster-autoscaler-operator-6f47946d44-pgwqx                 1m           54Mi
openshift-machine-api                              cluster-baremetal-operator-577565485c-8cg29                  0m           52Mi
openshift-machine-api                              machine-api-operator-5df8cd445c-nx6zt                        0m           49Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-controller-57887dcc89-zgjrh                   0m           72Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-daemon-lclrl                                  0m           108Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-operator-54ccccf58d-lgg2k                     2m           85Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-server-rqcsd                                  0m           17Mi
openshift-marketplace                              marketplace-operator-857855d858-d4jzt                        0m           60Mi
openshift-monitoring                               alertmanager-main-0                                          1m           128Mi
openshift-monitoring                               cluster-monitoring-operator-db6c6d477-mztrf                  19m          95Mi
openshift-monitoring                               kube-state-metrics-5d5bcd4c48-b47sf                          0m           92Mi
openshift-monitoring                               node-exporter-f5tr6                                          0m           44Mi
openshift-monitoring                               openshift-state-metrics-74dfb98cfd-swk99                     0m           54Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-adapter-69658555cd-fhmd2                          7m           51Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-k8s-0                                             91m          1194Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-operator-7f7d4854f7-2ljpf                         0m           103Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-operator-admission-webhook-7dd459768c-dkmsv       6m           33Mi
openshift-monitoring                               thanos-querier-6f6949cc67-6t2p5                              2m           131Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-additional-cni-plugins-bwlxx                          0m           1Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-admission-controller-6sgnm                            0m           51Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-zzhxx                                                 11m          29Mi
openshift-multus                                   network-metrics-daemon-wzvqg                                 0m           58Mi
openshift-network-diagnostics                      network-check-source-b5988947-9vxz4                          2m           90Mi
openshift-network-diagnostics                      network-check-target-pmbgg                                   0m           21Mi
openshift-network-operator                         network-operator-5499bf8b85-gksnj                            2m           135Mi
openshift-oauth-apiserver                          apiserver-68ff76559-b4dcl                                    32m          73Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               catalog-operator-5655866444-l7tbd                            2m           99Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               olm-operator-86cd44d7b4-w2gq9                                7m           188Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               package-server-manager-644454f859-8dkl4                      0m           33Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               packageserver-5557c7d688-llzvs                               3m           49Mi
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                           ovnkube-master-5knlb                                         3m           176Mi
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                           ovnkube-node-926r4                                           11m          149Mi
openshift-service-ca                               service-ca-66cfb699d9-rk9sj                                  5m           157Mi
openshift-service-ca-operator                      service-ca-operator-6bf9d9448c-2v6kl                         7m           61Mi
