open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-6f9b8674d-bhcwb                                   6m           108Mi
open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-registration-agent-797997d89b-xs76h               6m           57Mi
open-cluster-management-agent                      klusterlet-work-agent-77c9489dd-fhkp7                        4m           50Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-proxy-agent-65b6849f5d-fbkqk                   0m           42Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-proxy-agent-65b6849f5d-frbc2                   0m           42Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                cluster-proxy-service-proxy-64d759c45-c5bs4                  0m           28Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                config-policy-controller-7f87947989-fvbq4                    17m          59Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                governance-policy-framework-6dd89dd784-mzhhx                 0m           43Mi
open-cluster-management-agent-addon                klusterlet-addon-workmgr-5c47756f99-5hs5t                    0m           38Mi
openshift-apiserver                                apiserver-7bd9cbb674-bbk9t                                   51m          281Mi
openshift-apiserver-operator                       openshift-apiserver-operator-6c9fc6469c-7grmv                5m           140Mi
openshift-authentication                           oauth-openshift-65c9788fb-gzb6j                              2m           59Mi
openshift-authentication-operator                  authentication-operator-dbd5bd768-vz74j                      9m           148Mi
openshift-cloud-controller-manager-operator        cluster-cloud-controller-manager-operator-6ff4b4777c-fxb5x   0m           73Mi
openshift-cloud-credential-operator                cloud-credential-operator-584455c8f5-jlfdv                   1m           119Mi
openshift-cluster-machine-approver                 machine-approver-7b5bd86fbb-g59sh                            0m           86Mi
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator             cluster-node-tuning-operator-659594b5cf-mvrj5                1m           46Mi
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator             tuned-pzht6                                                  1m           45Mi
openshift-cluster-samples-operator                 cluster-samples-operator-b588d95bd-l8566                     0m           64Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 cluster-storage-operator-6f6b9c8df6-p6xbf                    3m           131Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-controller-cc95b8685-hhtrd                      0m           19Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-controller-operator-86d8fc9648-f7w48            3m           112Mi
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                 csi-snapshot-webhook-79d48f846b-z6r5z                        0m           21Mi
openshift-cluster-version                          cluster-version-operator-866d97cc66-qd4zd                    0m           116Mi
openshift-config-operator                          openshift-config-operator-674f98f947-sdkqh                   5m           69Mi
openshift-console-operator                         console-operator-7b68655f7c-krf28                            5m           75Mi
openshift-controller-manager                       controller-manager-7nkhq                                     3m           129Mi
openshift-controller-manager-operator              openshift-controller-manager-operator-7c4dc65c97-rrn79       4m           77Mi
openshift-dns                                      dns-default-42lvz                                            1m           66Mi
openshift-dns                                      node-resolver-xnd7h                                          0m           6Mi
openshift-dns-operator                             dns-operator-6998f45999-fpwcl                                0m           47Mi
openshift-etcd                                     etcd-sno01000                                                150m         1438Mi
openshift-etcd-operator                            etcd-operator-78974f57b9-dm2t6                               7m           97Mi
openshift-image-registry                           cluster-image-registry-operator-759dbc577c-c4slj             2m           69Mi
openshift-image-registry                           node-ca-n6jfb                                                0m           1Mi
openshift-ingress                                  router-default-867dc5976-p9z4x                               1m           59Mi
openshift-ingress-canary                           ingress-canary-lpn9w                                         0m           21Mi
openshift-ingress-operator                         ingress-operator-7f998586cd-6ftbv                            1m           95Mi
openshift-insights                                 insights-operator-7d78496b84-xckvx                           2m           39Mi
openshift-kube-apiserver                           kube-apiserver-sno01000                                      168m         2300Mi
openshift-kube-apiserver-operator                  kube-apiserver-operator-789b8c8bf6-gjlz5                     10m          178Mi
openshift-kube-controller-manager                  kube-controller-manager-sno01000                             16m          474Mi
openshift-kube-controller-manager-operator         kube-controller-manager-operator-66bc7cfd-8md9l              12m          88Mi
openshift-kube-scheduler                           openshift-kube-scheduler-sno01000                            4m           140Mi
openshift-kube-scheduler-operator                  openshift-kube-scheduler-operator-7c65bc5d9b-lcft2           8m           76Mi
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator            migrator-849695b8c8-cqbpr                                    0m           20Mi
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator-operator   kube-storage-version-migrator-operator-7d967f696d-lvd64      2m           43Mi
openshift-local-storage                            diskmaker-manager-9wjlx                                      0m           47Mi
openshift-local-storage                            local-storage-operator-6d77fd8cf-g2zjb                       0m           39Mi
openshift-logging                                  cluster-logging-operator-6557d7b65b-wjmh4                    14m          48Mi
openshift-logging                                  collector-m5zgm                                              44m          180Mi
openshift-machine-api                              cluster-autoscaler-operator-6f47946d44-77tbr                 0m           53Mi
openshift-machine-api                              cluster-baremetal-operator-577565485c-6dfck                  0m           53Mi
openshift-machine-api                              machine-api-operator-5df8cd445c-mmrlk                        0m           51Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-controller-57887dcc89-w6mth                   0m           66Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-daemon-jh4ck                                  0m           106Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-operator-54ccccf58d-kxsl6                     0m           95Mi
openshift-machine-config-operator                  machine-config-server-r85v4                                  0m           17Mi
openshift-marketplace                              marketplace-operator-857855d858-hff8f                        0m           66Mi
openshift-marketplace                              rh-du-operators-6ckcc                                        2m           95Mi
openshift-monitoring                               cluster-monitoring-operator-db6c6d477-lx8ck                  0m           93Mi
openshift-monitoring                               kube-state-metrics-5d5bcd4c48-g55kb                          0m           83Mi
openshift-monitoring                               node-exporter-tv9qr                                          0m           41Mi
openshift-monitoring                               openshift-state-metrics-74dfb98cfd-hjkzd                     0m           52Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-adapter-5b48dd4b57-bxzz9                          6m           57Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-k8s-0                                             53m          1245Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-operator-7f7d4854f7-8sg9d                         0m           106Mi
openshift-monitoring                               prometheus-operator-admission-webhook-7dd459768c-mvxm2       2m           34Mi
openshift-monitoring                               thanos-querier-8699c6874-rssk7                               1m           133Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-additional-cni-plugins-fw7tm                          0m           1Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-admission-controller-b226h                            0m           52Mi
openshift-multus                                   multus-t92bw                                                 21m          26Mi
openshift-multus                                   network-metrics-daemon-l22ks                                 0m           62Mi
openshift-network-operator                         network-operator-5499bf8b85-rrpdt                            1m           143Mi
openshift-oauth-apiserver                          apiserver-7c94564d7d-7vf85                                   27m          81Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               catalog-operator-5655866444-9jl49                            1m           101Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               olm-operator-86cd44d7b4-48kkd                                2m           199Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               package-server-manager-644454f859-l64b8                      0m           32Mi
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager               packageserver-769d56b8c8-f8lq7                               2m           70Mi
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                           ovnkube-master-54npd                                         5m           180Mi
openshift-ovn-kubernetes                           ovnkube-node-s4kx9                                           12m          136Mi
openshift-ptp                                      linuxptp-daemon-7l75s                                        2m           57Mi
openshift-ptp                                      ptp-operator-754bf6cf46-7zm2m                                0m           34Mi
openshift-service-ca                               service-ca-66cfb699d9-4r9rr                                  4m           148Mi
openshift-service-ca-operator                      service-ca-operator-6bf9d9448c-zxv8m                         3m           59Mi
openshift-sriov-network-operator                   network-resources-injector-wjwp4                             0m           24Mi
openshift-sriov-network-operator                   operator-webhook-8xbbh                                       0m           26Mi
openshift-sriov-network-operator                   sriov-network-config-daemon-2tm4k                            1m           52Mi
openshift-sriov-network-operator                   sriov-network-operator-79848f5d74-m6qpb                      0m           39Mi
